Update README.md to include instructions for using test utils globally (#524)
thebuilder/react-intersection-observer: README.md

`IntersectionObserver` instance. You can use this to spy on the `observe` and
`unobserve` methods.

#### Global Intersection Observer Behavior

##### Use Fallback

> You can create a [Jest setup file](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#setupfiles-array) that leverages the [unsupported fallback](https://github.com/thebuilder/react-intersection-observer#unsupported-fallback) to that tests encountering Intersection Observer all behave the same way, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a [Jest setup file](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#setupfiles-array) that leverages the [unsupported fallback](https://github.com/thebuilder/react-intersection-observer#unsupported-fallback) option. In this case, you only mock the IntersectionObserver in test files were you actively import `react-intersection-observer/test-utils`:
```

Reviewer: Last part of the sentence is missing a word or two- maybe something more like this?

```js
import { defaultFallbackInView } from 'react-intersection-observer';

defaultFallbackInView(true); // or 'false' - whichever consistent behavior makes the most sense for your use case.
```

##### Mock Everywhere

In your Jest config, add `'react-intersection-observer/test-utils'` to the array value for the [`setupFilesAfterEnv`](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#setupfilesafterenv-array) option.

> Like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
